Disable marker colour for styles that do not use them (#28804)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.1.0/mantidworkbench.rst

- Slow running algorithms will now display an estimated time to completion in their progress bars.
- The x-axis tick labels on colorfill plots are now horizontal.
- Improved the usability of the fit function and peak selection pop-up menus by allowing the user to immediately search for the desired function and activate autocompletion by pressing "enter" if there is just a single possible function.
- The figure options menu now has a help button which opens the documentation for the menu.

> - When choosing a marker in the plot setting, if one of the marker colours would not be used that selection is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When choosing a marker in the figure options, if one of the marker colours would not be used that selection is disabled.
```
